hello people my name is martin in the
Today's www.news is about daniel
Bryan and the dispute with
a burglar rey mysterio the
maybe the wwe wants to sue
and the question if john cena stops around
to turn more movies
some of you were persecuting the beds
will probably have wondered
where rob van dam was because that was
actually for the begging with
announced but then no
human the background lies in that
rob if that has obviously hurt
and also www.das.de already officially
confirms more information about
Unfortunately, this injury does not exist
I hope that will not be too bad
because rob van dam has this
Contract status that he always
can take a longer break and
so at the moment everything on the summerslam
I would wish to run
that all the fast back to the
legs come and how it is also when
summerslam she randy orton was last
week stopped by the police and
though due to its tinted slices
on the car that and the following
search of his car seems to him
but not really interested too
he also has a funny elfi with him
the police in the back made a lot more
did not come out there
Nevertheless, I found that alfie so funny
that I can easily record this
did a few weeks I have
already reported that the wwe
are planning a big label for coffee
to make kingsley virus and biggi
The whole thing was in the last issue
now also put into action and
most likely also mark
henry in this grouping into
come and therefore is a comeback of
very realistic in the near future
and let's see how this grouping
what do you think of this
stable writes me in the times
There are comments in the field changes
hot discussion at the moment whether the wwe
World heavyweight champion John Cena
soon his boots will hang on the nail
and maybe more about his
take care of film career because currently falls
he also shot out in many house because
At the moment he will have some house chance
miss because he is shooting with
is busy filming two as one
means if it and the other train wreck
and superstars are changing
I is that he soon his promos
via satellite sends as well as rock
in between times in the feud against
John Cena has done it but really
such a situation comes dare
I just doubt it
the wwe and john cena are so im
connected with each other, I believe myself
a winemaker
you would have to say to them here
next six months without payment
rest he would do it because just like that
behind the wwe stands and therefore can
I imagine only very badly
that for films he whizzes it all
but who knows of rock could have been the
maybe not expected then either
we will see
what do you think of the
acting skills of john
cena i personally like the movie
legendary with him very much and finds
not bad for him as an actor
but what do you say to him what is yours?
Favorite John Cena film writes me
times in the comments many of you
Let's write the comments that I have
Something to say rey mysterio and
There is a lot going on right now
hot stuff in his wwe contract
is in there if he has a longer time
fails as it is at the moment
The wwe can extend this contract
at the time he was sick and that
raiders are not quite as pleasing as you can see
Remember that at the moment of his boss
not redeem because the problem is when
he wants to act against this clause
Of course it would be stupid if he did
for the following time the now in the
moment is continue to pay and
because of that he does not check
it could be that rey mysterio
because somehow legal steps
would like to initiate
but it is part of the contract
Actually the wn longer lever sits
I'm very curious what is there
Of course it can all happen
be fake and speculation maybe
just need the coal straight
not who knows what to look for
comes out before I become the most blatant
history in recent weeks yet
a few small facts in the last one
week was like san diego comic-con where to
first time sting under www.f long
was officially seen
because he was at the conference of mattel
along with, for example, her one
or hulk hogan and there were also the
Latest www figures presented and how
you know, I show you every wednesday
on a channel new remaining figures
and that's why it was very much for me
interesting what happens there and what
was shown there
and there we have seen for example
that a semi-sen figure in the make
is the model is in the do is only
we have seen a user figure
page it will be a new insight
cloozy figur from edge give with the
rating aa spinner world it will be one
new danny bryant figure give the one
I have extreme hammerhead in heads core
do not know if somehow something to the
scans has done for the new ones
scan see everything that good from the
cesaro figurines then comes straight from the
old time extremely much razor ramon figure
an extremely good eye figure of a
figures, of course, so what's coming
is just the absolute madness
I am happy as a figure but
Of course very much and you can me
just write in the comments
which one of the presented figures
you find the coolest and then have
one of the german commentators and
though carsten schäfer on his facebook
and twitter profile announced that
all four german commentators at
summerslam will be sitting at the ring and
carsten schäfer, of course, bernard
Wolf Sebastian Harke and Holger Burschen
The four will be sitting at the ring live something
easy for us german is extremely good
not only because we are a much better
Live experience by the commentators
but also because it shows how
important is the wwe of the german market
or the German-speaking room tells yes
also always Austria and Switzerland with
and how it develops
is the absolute madness and I'm happy
me that so for all german fans
about it that we just go to his
Giant event is to be brought with it
just terrific
I wish you a lot in any case
Have fun in los angeles and bring
me a t-shirt with
and now for the hobbies of the week this
even made it to the German media
has specifically wanted last week in the house
by bella and daniel bryan broke in
and how stupid is that because we break
because in the house of the wrestler one
that's stupid to do something like that
we do not yet and above all things too
a time when everyone knows that because you
brightly injured and home is completely
stupid and of course it came like it
The two had to come home
come and have the burglar
did speak on fresh caught the
Rhein has still managed the one
to stop and in the naked choke
to hold on to the 22 year old
lisa solar also be arrested
could the other I do not know where the
In any case , that was blatant through the
media that daniel bryan first one
defeated burglar has very
stark story
luckily nobody was hurt and
it did not hurt much either
done
the story is absolute anyway
hit how can you be so stupid
what do you think of the burglary in the
because at home we write jensens
in the comments
and then, as always, I hope you guys
The video has fallen if it is us then
Click me a thumbs up here
You can subscribe over there now
my facebook page direct the facebook
side of me as a wrestler and the size
or in wrestling league and it does me
sorry that I have the video only for
could do tuesday
because I was in sunday all day
duisburg respectively on the way
and back because I occurs one there
had with the wrestling and have my
won matches and that's why I was the
So Sunday could be on the way
not film the wm news on sunday and
cut to upload this monday
could
That's why it all had one
I'm sorry next day
I hope to be back punctually
you know that and he still wishes you
a beautiful day
skin in until next time and